Add ML fault tolerance (#3803)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ml-commons-plugin/cluster-settings.md

## Set number of ML models per node

> Sets the number of ML models that can be deployed on to each ML node. When set to `0`, no ML models can deploy on any node.

Reviewer: deploy into, on to a node. Do these have different meanings?

Reviewer 2: I think it should be "deploy to".

> Sets the number of ML models that can be deployed on to each ML node. When set to `0`, no ML models can deploy on any node.

Author: ```suggestion
Sets the number of ML models that can be deployed on to each ML node. When set to `0`, no ML models can deploy on any node.
```

## Set sync job intervals 

> When returning runtime information with the [profile API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#profile), ML Commons will run a regular job to sync newly deployed or undeployed models on each node. When set to `0`, ML Commons immediately stops sync up jobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When returning runtime information with the [profile API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#profile), ML Commons will run a regular job to sync newly deployed or undeployed models on each node. When set to `0`, ML Commons immediately stops sync-up jobs.
```

> When returning runtime information with the [profile API]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/ml-commons-plugin/api#profile), ML Commons will run a regular job to sync newly deployed or undeployed models on each node. When set to `0`, ML Commons immediately stops sync up jobs.

Reviewer 2: Confirm that "profile" is intentionally lowercase.

Author: Uppercased it

- Default value: 90
- Value range: [0, 100]

## Enable auto redeploy

> Automatically redeploys previously deployed models upon cluster failure. 

Reviewer 3: We have some unsupported case like if all ML node crashed, then model state becomes `DEPLOY_FAILED`, we won't auto redeploy model with `DEPLOY_FAILED` state. We only auto redeploy `DEPLOYED` or `PARTIALLY_DEPLOYED` models

> Automatically redeploys deployed or partially deployed models upon cluster failure. If all ML nodes inside inside a cluster crash, auto model redeployment fails, and the model must be deployed manually.

Author: How would a user change that state? Will they have to redeploy the model manually?

> Automatically redeploys deployed or partially deployed models upon cluster failure. If all ML nodes inside inside a cluster crash, auto model redeployment fails, and the model must be deployed manually.

Reviewer 3: User can't change model state. They have to redeploy manually

- Default value: 90
- Value range: [0, 100]

## Allow custom deployment plans

> When enabled, grants users the ability to deploy models to specific ML nodes according to that user's permissions.

Reviewer 2: Can this be phrased as a complete sentence (add the noun)?

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.allow_custom_deployment_plan: false
```

### Values

- Default value: false
- Value range: [false, true]

## Enable auto redeploy

> Automatically redeploys deployed or partially deployed models upon cluster failure. If all ML nodes inside a cluster crash, the model switches to the `DEPLOYED_FAILED` state, and the model must be deployed manually.

Reviewer 2: Can this be phrased as a complete sentence (add the noun)?

> Automatically redeploys deployed or partially deployed models upon cluster failure. If all ML nodes inside a cluster crash, the model switches to the `DEPLOYED_FAILED` state, and the model must be deployed manually.

Author: ```suggestion
This setting automatically redeploys deployed or partially deployed models upon cluster failure. If all ML nodes inside a cluster crash, the model switches to the `DEPLOYED_FAILED` state, and the model must be deployed manually.
```
```suggestion
Automatically redeploys deployed or partially deployed models upon cluster failure. If all ML nodes inside a cluster crash, the model switches to the `DEPLOYED_FAILED` state, and the model must be deployed manually.
```

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.model_auto_redeploy.enable: false
```

### Values

- Default value: false
- Value range: [false, true]

## Set retires for auto redeploy

> Sets the limit for the number of times a deployed or partially deployed model will try and redeploy upon cluster failure.

Reviewer 4: Model auto redeploy happens when new nodes joined the cluster, either it's a crashed node rejoin or a new node first join the cluster, is it better to state `..... model will try and redeploy upon nodes join/rejoin the cluster`?

> Sets the limit for the number of times a deployed or partially deployed model will try and redeploy when ML nodes in a cluster fail or new ML nodes join the cluster.

Author: ```suggestion
This setting sets the limit for the number of times a deployed or partially deployed model will try and redeploy when ML nodes in a cluster fail or new ML nodes join the cluster.
```

### Setting

```
plugins.ml_commons.model_auto_redeploy.lifetime_retry_times: 3
```

### Values

- Default value: 3
- Value range: [0, 100]

## Set auto redeploy success ratio

> Sets the ratio of success for the auto redeployment of a model based on the available ML nodes in the cluster. For example, if ML nodes crash inside a cluster, the auto redeploy protocol adds another node or retires a crashed node. If our ratio is `0.7` and 70% of all ML nodes successfully redeploy the model on auto redeploy activation, the redeployment is a success. If the model redeploys on less the 70% of available ML nodes, the auto redeploy retries until the redeployment succeeds or OpenSearch reaches [the maximum number of retries](#set-retires-for-auto-redeploy).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sets the ratio of success for the auto-redeployment of a model based on the available ML nodes in a cluster. For example, if ML nodes crash inside a cluster, the auto redeploy protocol adds another node or retires a crashed node. If the ratio is `0.7` and 70% of all ML nodes successfully redeploy the model on auto-redeploy activation, the redeployment is a success. If the model redeploys on fewer than 70% of available ML nodes, the auto-redeploy retries until the redeployment succeeds or OpenSearch reaches [the maximum number of retries](#set-retires-for-auto-redeploy).
```

> Sets the ratio of success for the auto redeployment of a model based on the available ML nodes in the cluster. For example, if ML nodes crash inside a cluster, the auto redeploy protocol adds another node or retires a crashed node. If our ratio is `0.7` and 70% of all ML nodes successfully redeploy the model on auto redeploy activation, the redeployment is a success. If the model redeploys on less the 70% of available ML nodes, the auto redeploy retries until the redeployment succeeds or OpenSearch reaches [the maximum number of retries](#set-retires-for-auto-redeploy).

Reviewer 2: Can the first sentence be phrased as a complete sentence (add the noun)?
